---
title: Connecting Late Antiquities
date: 1st Mar 2023
description: The digitisation of the Prosopography of the Later Roman Empire, with permission from Cambridge University Press. This three-volume reference work is being...
image: /blogs-img/cla1.jpg
alt: Connecting Late Antiquities
ogImage: /blogs-img/cla1.jpg
tags: ['namecheap', 'vercel']
published: true
---

### Overview

Role: Developer

I work on the research project CLA at the University of Exeter. It was funded by Arts and Humanities Research Council UK and German Research Foundation, based at the University of Exeter and the University of Bonn.

### Context

The digitisation of the Prosopography of the Later Roman Empire, with permission from Cambridge University Press. This three-volume reference work is being updated with addenda and corrigenda and will be transformed into a searchable online resource, complete with internal cross-references and the marking up of places, dates and other personal names, as well as textual, epigraphic and papyrological sources. The Digital Prosopography of the Later Roman Empire will be made openly available on the Cambridge Core platform and will be a very useful resource for scholars in its own right, as well as providing the foundation for our larger project.

By extending an XML database framework (eXist-db, TEI/XML), I design database structures for people metadata using XQuery and draw raw data from decoded XML. In addition to main development, I also work on the frontend in Figma, integrating UI/UX design into the web interface. The first release will be in April 2025.

### Project link

See project specification on UKRI site:

[https://gtr.ukri.org/projects?ref=AH%2FX002381%2F1](https://gtr.ukri.org/projects?ref=AH%2FX002381%2F1)
